You will occasionally run into edge cases in regards to your update policy.
There will be times when a server can not be updated due to legacy applications.
These are older applications that require
an environment that matches the environment when they were installed.
Updating the system will likely cause the application to crash.
Custom applications occasionally have
very specific software requirements that preclude updates being installed on the machine.
How do we mitigate the security risks for these types of situations?
Do not run any other applications on the system,
isolate the server from all traffic not associated with the application,
and monitor the server and alert on any suspicious traffic.